Scenario 1
----------
A familiar variant of the loyalty system is represented in the first scenario.  
Each customer that participates in the loyalty program of the grocery store 
owns a plastic loyalty card containing their unique customer id, encoded in a 
QR-code, referring to their _loyalty program account.  This account is created 
when customers register to the loyalty program.  During registration, personal 
identifiable information is collected and stored by the loyalty program 
provider, including their name, email address, phone number, and a collection 
of other personal properties such as their family situation.  When the customer 
checks out, the cashier of the grocery store scans, together with the products, 
the customer's id on his loyalty card.  The customer can then decide, after he 
sees his current loyalty point balance and the number of loyalty points he can 
earn, whether he collects the points or it redeems his current points for a 
voucher he can spend during a next purchase at any partnering shop.  The 
grocery store must, before it presents the loyalty information to the customer, 
forward the list of scanned products and the customer's account id to the 
loyalty program provider.  This provider manages the customer's account 
(e.g., updating the loyalty point balance and determining the amount of earned 
loyalty points).  Furthermore, the loyalty program provider specifies in its 
terms and policies (i.e., shown to the user during registration) that the list 
of products purchased is forwarded to advertisers.  In this scenario, the 
customer decides to collect the loyalty points he earned with the purchase.  
Therefore,  the grocery store must forward the list of products and the 
customer's account id to the loyalty program provider, who updates the loyalty 
point balance with the newly earned points.  Finally, the loyalty program 
provider forwards the updated point balance and the points earned to the 
grocery store where it is printed, together with the list of products, on a 
ticket for the customer.

Scenario 2
----------
In the second scenario, a picture of the customer's (plastic) loyalty card is 
stored in the loyalty app on his smart phone.  This app, provided by the 
loyalty app provider, manages several loyalty cards and reduces the pile of .
loyalty cards in the customer's wallet.  First, the customer must register to 
the app using his email address and his app account id.  He needs this each 
time he logs in to use the app.  During registration, the app provider presents 
his terms and policies that specify the collection of usage statistics and 
fingerprints (e.g., the smart phone's unique hardware address).  Furthermore, 
it specifies that collected data is shared with advertisers.  During checkout 
at the grocery store, the customer shows the loyalty card picture he selected 
in the app to the cashier who scans it.  Afterwards, similar steps are followed 
as in the previous scenario.